Added comments as requested. (#3821)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/configuration/customize-and-export-start-layout.md

>* If you place executable files or scripts in the \ProgramData\Microsoft\Windows\Start Menu\Programs folder, they will not pin to Start.
>
>* Start on Windows 10 does not support subfolders. We only support one folder. For example, \ProgramData\Microsoft\Windows\Start Menu\Programs\Folder. If you go any deeper than one folder, Start will compress the contents of all the subfolder to the top level.
>

> >* 3 additional shortcuts are pinned to the start menu after the export; which are of locations %ALLUSERSPROFILE%\Microsoft\Windows\Start Menu\Programs, %APPDATA%\Microsoft\Windows\Start Menu\Programs and %APPDATA%\Microsoft\Windows\Start Menu\Programs\System Tools\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>* Three additional shortcuts are pinned to the start menu after the export. These are shortcuts to %ALLUSERSPROFILE%\Microsoft\Windows\Start Menu\Programs, %APPDATA%\Microsoft\Windows\Start Menu\Programs, and %APPDATA%\Microsoft\Windows\Start Menu\Programs\System Tools\.
```
